{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNSMono-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue35;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green121\blue165;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18431;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c54942\c70689;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs32 1- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a table "DS_bootcamp" containing three fields (trainee ID, trainee name, trainee university) and make the trainee ID the primary key\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\cf4 CREATE TABLE DS_bootcamp(\
  trainer_ID int NOT NULL,\
  trainer_Name varchar (255),\
  trainer_University varchar (255),\
  PRIMARY KEY (trainer_ID)\
  );\cf0 \
\
\

\fs32 2- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Insert at least 2 records into the DB_ Bootcamp table.\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\cf4 INSERT INTO DS_bootcamp (trainer_ID, trainer_Name, trainer_University) \
VALUES (1, \'91Ahmad, \'91KSU\'92)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
INSERT INTO DS_bootcamp (trainer_ID, trainer_Name, trainer_University) \
VALUES (4, 'Faisal', 'DAL')\
\
\cf0 \
\

\fs32 3- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Write a statement that will select the Country column from the Customers table.\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\cf4 SELECT country FROM Customers;\
\cf0 \
\
\

\fs32 4- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Select all the different values from the Country column in the Customers table.\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf4 SELECT DISTINCT Country FROM Customers;\
\cf0 \
\

\fs32 5- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Write an SQL query to return only customers whose last name begins with R.\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf4 SELECT * FROM Customers \
WHERE last_name LIKE 'R%';\cf0 \
\
\

\fs32 6- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 List the number of customers in each country.\
\

\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \
SELECT COUNT(country) FROM Customers GROUP BY Country
\fs32 \cf2 \
\
7- \cb3 Select all records from the Customers table, sort the result alphabetically by the column first name.\cb1 \
\

\fs24 \cf4 SELECT * FROM Customers ORDER BY first_name\
\cf2 \
\

\fs32 8- \cb3 Select all records from the Customers table, sort the result reversed alphabetically by the column last name.\cb1 \

\fs24 \

\f0 \cf4 SELECT * FROM Customers ORDER BY last_name DESC;\
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\

\fs32 9- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Select all records where the item column has the value 'Mouse' and the amount column has the value 300.\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf4 SELECT * FROM Orders WHERE item = 'Mouse' AND amount = '300';\
\cf0 \
\

\fs32 10- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use the NOT keyword to select all records where status is NOT "Delivered".\
\

\fs24 \cf4 SELECT * FROM Shippings WHERE NOT status = 'Pending' \

\fs32 \cf2 \
\
11- \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Select all records where the country column has the value 'USA' or 'UAE'.\cb1 \
\

\f0\fs24 \cf4 SELECT * FROM Customers WHERE country = 'USA' OR Country = 'UAE';\
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\

\fs32 12- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Select all records where the age column has the value 22 in customers table.\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf4 SELECT * FROM Customers WHERE age = 22;\
\cf0 \
\

\fs32 13- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use INNER to return the requested items with customers id.\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Tried but did not get it\

\fs32 \
\
\
14- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Choose the correct\'a0
\f2\fs27\fsmilli13600 JOIN
\f1\fs32 \'a0clause to select all records from the two tables where there is a match in both tables.\cb1 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf4 SELECT Orders.order_id, Customers.customer_id FROM Orders INNER JOIN Customers ON Orders.order_id = Customers.customer_id;\
\cf0 \

\fs32 \
15-
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use the MIN function to select the record with the smallest value of the amount column from Orders table.\cb1 \
\

\fs24 \cf4 SELECT MIN (amount) FROM Orders;\

\fs32 \cf2 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth11580\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt480 \clpadl0 \clpadb480 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}